Your Majesty, everything has been arranged.
What’s interesting about fake things?
How about I reward you with something real?
Hmph, bold and wicked consort.
You dare to defy me?
Hmm.
What is this? Is it delicious?
This is something to make you sober.
Oh, eat it, eat it.
Eat, eat, eat, haha.
Ha.
Who are you?
I am the Empress Dowager’s niece.
I was conferred as Consort De.
Now I am your lifesaver.
What is going on?
How did I end up like this?
You should ask the current Consort Rong.
Su Qingyu.
That bitch Su Qingyu has harmed me so badly.
I want her to suffer more than death.
Come with me.
I’ll help you.
Why are you taking such a big risk to help me?
I am not helping you.
I am helping myself.
This brush is coated with deadly poison.
Tomorrow, disguise yourself as a maid and follow Su Qingyu.
When she is off guard,
make your move.
Hmph, even if I succeed in assassination,
I still cannot escape.
Do you have any other choice?